src/BuildSystem/ClientFiles/StaticFiles/sys/starcounter-include/README.md, before:

&lt;starcounter-include&gt; [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Starcounter/starcounter-include.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/Starcounter/starcounter-include)
==============

`<starcounter-include>` is a custom element that let's you load HTML partials into your Starcounter page, it uses  

- [`<imported-template>`](https://github.com/Juicy/imported-template) - You can take full control over loaded `<script>`s and `<link rel="import">`s. Thanks to HTML Imports - caching, script execution, etc. is completely native.
- [`<juicy-composition>`](https://github.com/Juicy/juicy-composition) - You can use Shadow DOM v1 features to apply Document Fragment with custom HTML composition and slots to tune the layout of HTML Elements given by partial. It lets you blend and apply your desired look & feel to elements given by your and even other apps - which were mixed due to Starcounter mappings.

### Small sample

If you have **/app/sub/page/path.html**:
```html
<template>
	<h1>Hello {{username}}</h1>
</template>
```
and JSON view-model
```javascript
SubPageViewModel = {
  username: "World"
  html: "/app/sub/page/path.html"
}
```
You can put it on screen with
```html
<starcounter-include partial="{{ SubPageViewModel }}"></starcounter-include>
```
To produce
```html
<h1>Hello World</h1>
```

## Demo/Examples
:construction:
[Example in Starcounter Fiddle!]()

### [`<imported-template>` Demo/Example](https://github.com/Juicy/imported-template#demoexamples)

### [Test/Use cases](http://starcounter.github.io/starcounter-include/test)

## Related custom elements

 - [`<imported-template>`](https://github.com/Juicy/imported-template) - includes HTML Template,
 - [`<juicy-composition>`](https://github.com/Juicy/juicy-composition) - applies Document Fragment to Shadow DOM,
 - [`<starcounter-layout-html-editor>`](https://github.com/Starcounter/starcounter-layout-html-editor) - editor for Document Fragments

## Features

 - Applies two-way databinding, even for nested asynchronously loaded `<polymer-element>`s,
 - Multiple (concatenated) templates per partial,
 - Polymer's `<template>` features (binding, repeat, if, etc.),
 - HTML Imports features:
  - Sends request for template only once (HTML Import's caching),
  - Supports `<script>, <link>, <style>` tags to be executed once,
  - Supports `<script>, <style>` tags per template instance.

## Related wiki articles:
 - https://github.com/StarcounterPrefabs/Launcher/wiki/Partials
 - https://github.com/StarcounterPrefabs/Launcher/wiki/Layout-setup
 - https://github.com/StarcounterPrefabs/Launcher/wiki/include-template-in-Polyjuice

### HTML Partial limitations

 - It should be W3C compliant Document body,
 - It should contain at least one `<template>` tag in root node.

### Partial conventions

 - View-model contains `Html` property with path to file (:construction:, or just inline markup).

## Install

Starcounter has it already pre-installed, under `/sys/starcounter-include/starcounter-include.html`, but if you want to use it separately as well.

Install the component using [Bower](http://bower.io/):

```sh
$ bower install Starcounter/starcounter-include --save
```

Or [download as ZIP](https://github.com/Starcounter/starcounter-include/archive/master.zip).

## Usage

1. Import Web Components' polyfill (if needed):

    ```html
    <script src="bower_components/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents.js"></script>
    ```

2. Import Custom Element:

    ```html
    <link rel="import" href="bower_components/starcounter-include/starcounter-include.html">
    ```

3. Start using it!

    ```html
    <starcounter-include partial="{{ViewModel}}"></starcounter-include>
    ```
    or without mustache-style data-binding:
    ```js
    document.querySelector("starcounter-include").partial = ViewModel;
    ```
    or with inline JSON:
    ```html
    <starcounter-include partial="{&quot;Html&quot;: &quot;/path/to/file.html&quot;, &quot;some&quot;: &quot;data&quot;}"></starcounter-include>
    ```

## Attributes

Attribute     | Options  | Default      | Description
---           | ---      | ---          | ---
`partial`     | *JSON*   |              | Set to provide a partial. It's also a `partial` property.
`partial-id`  | *String* |              | **Read-only** attribute that represents `PartialID` fetched from `partial` JSON. It's also a `partialId` property.

## Properties

Property   | Options           | Default | Description
---         | ---               | ---     | ---
`partial`   | *Object*          |         | Object containing partial view-model, bindable with Polymer
`partialId` | *String*          |         | Partial Id used to identify partial, usually it's fetched from `partial.LauncherLayoutInfo.PartialId`.

## Events

Name                                    | Detail                 | Description
---                                     | ---                    | ---
`starcounter-include-composition-saved` | *String* stored layout | Triggered once composition is saved
`partial-changed`                       | *Object* `{value: storedLayout, path: 'partial.LauncherLayoutInfo.Composition$'}` | Polymer notification protocol compilant event to notify about `partial.LauncherLayoutInfo.Composition$` change, triggered once composition is saved.

## Test suite

 - local browser `./test/index.html`
 - [online](http://starcounter.github.io/starcounter-include/test)

## [Contributing and Development](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## History

For detailed changelog, check [Releases](https://github.com/Starcounter/starcounter-include/releases).

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Fix loading default starcounter-compositions with specific structure and timing
Update bower dependencies:
- Juicy/imported-template@1.4.4
- Starcounter/starcounter-include@2.0.1
- Juicy/juicy-composition@0.0.7

Fix for StarcounterSamples/People/issues/49
Workaround for webcomponents/webcomponentsjs/issues/648

src/BuildSystem/ClientFiles/StaticFiles/sys/starcounter-include/README.md, after:

&lt;starcounter-include&gt; [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Starcounter/starcounter-include.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/Starcounter/starcounter-include)
==============

`<starcounter-include>` is a custom element that let's you load HTML partials into your Starcounter page, it uses  

- [`<imported-template>`](https://github.com/Juicy/imported-template) - You can take full control over loaded `<script>`s and `<link rel="import">`s. Thanks to HTML Imports - caching, script execution, etc. is completely native.
- [`<juicy-composition>`](https://github.com/Juicy/juicy-composition) - You can use Shadow DOM v1 features to apply Document Fragment with custom HTML composition and slots to tune the layout of HTML Elements given by partial. It lets you blend and apply your desired look & feel to elements given by your and even other apps - which were mixed due to Starcounter mappings.

For more details see articles:
- ["HTML partials/includes WebComponents-way"](http://starcounter.io/html-partialsincludes-webcomponents-way/) - How partials work,
- ["Unobtrusive styling and composing 3rd party HTML content"](http://starcounter.io/unobtrusive-styling-composing-3rd-party-html-content/) - How to style them with Shadow DOM,
- ["Layout compositions for HTML partials"](http://starcounter.io/layout-compositions-html-partials/) - How to use styles in Starcounter


### Small sample

If you have **/app/sub/page/path.html**:
```html
<template>
	<h1>Hello {{username}}</h1>
</template>
```
and JSON view-model
```javascript
SubPageViewModel = {
  username: "World"
  html: "/app/sub/page/path.html"
}
```
You can put it on screen with
```html
<starcounter-include partial="{{ SubPageViewModel }}"></starcounter-include>
```
To produce
```html
<h1>Hello World</h1>
```

## Demo/Examples
:construction:
[Example in Starcounter Fiddle!]()

### [`<imported-template>` Demo/Example](https://github.com/Juicy/imported-template#demoexamples)

### [Test/Use cases](http://starcounter.github.io/starcounter-include/test)

## Related custom elements

 - [`<imported-template>`](https://github.com/Juicy/imported-template) - includes HTML Template,
 - [`<juicy-composition>`](https://github.com/Juicy/juicy-composition) - applies Document Fragment to Shadow DOM,
 - [`<starcounter-layout-html-editor>`](https://github.com/Starcounter/starcounter-layout-html-editor) - editor for Document Fragments

## Features

 - Applies two-way databinding, even for nested asynchronously loaded `<polymer-element>`s,
 - Multiple (concatenated) templates per partial,
 - Polymer's `<template>` features (binding, repeat, if, etc.),
 - HTML Imports features:
  - Sends request for template only once (HTML Import's caching),
  - Supports `<script>, <link>, <style>` tags to be executed once,
  - Supports `<script>, <style>` tags per template instance.
 - Easy way to attach composed Shadow DOM layouts


## Related articles:
 - ["HTML partials/includes WebComponents-way"](http://starcounter.io/html-partialsincludes-webcomponents-way/) - How partials work,
 - ["Unobtrusive styling and composing 3rd party HTML content"](http://starcounter.io/unobtrusive-styling-composing-3rd-party-html-content/) - How to style them with Shadow DOM,
 - ["Layout compositions for HTML partials"](http://starcounter.io/layout-compositions-html-partials/) - How to use styles in Starcounter

### wiki
 - https://github.com/StarcounterPrefabs/Launcher/wiki/Partials
 - https://github.com/StarcounterPrefabs/Launcher/wiki/Layout-setup
 - https://github.com/StarcounterPrefabs/Launcher/wiki/include-template-in-Polyjuice

### HTML Partial limitations

 - It should be W3C compliant Document body,
 - It should contain at least one `<template>` tag in root node.

### Partial conventions

 - View-model contains `Html` property with path to file (:construction:, or just inline markup).

## Install

Starcounter has it already pre-installed, under `/sys/starcounter-include/starcounter-include.html`, but if you want to use it separately as well.

Install the component using [Bower](http://bower.io/):

```sh
$ bower install starcounter-include --save
```

Or [download as ZIP](https://github.com/Starcounter/starcounter-include/archive/gh-pages.zip).

## Usage

1. Import Web Components' polyfill (if needed):

    ```html
    <script src="bower_components/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents.js"></script>
    ```

2. Import Custom Element:

    ```html
    <link rel="import" href="bower_components/starcounter-include/starcounter-include.html">
    ```

3. Start using it!

    ```html
    <starcounter-include partial="{{ViewModel}}"></starcounter-include>
    ```
    or without mustache-style data-binding:
    ```js
    document.querySelector("starcounter-include").partial = ViewModel;
    ```
    or with inline JSON:
    ```html
    <starcounter-include partial="{&quot;Html&quot;: &quot;/path/to/file.html&quot;, &quot;some&quot;: &quot;data&quot;}"></starcounter-include>
    ```

## Attributes

Attribute     | Options  | Default      | Description
---           | ---      | ---          | ---
`partial`     | *JSON*   |              | Set to provide a partial. It's also a `partial` property.
`partial-id`  | *String* |              | **Read-only** attribute that represents `PartialID` fetched from `partial` JSON. It's also a `partialId` property.

## Properties

Property   | Options           | Default | Description
---         | ---               | ---     | ---
`partial`   | *Object*          |         | Object containing partial view-model, bindable with Polymer
`partialId` | *String*          |         | Partial Id used to identify partial, usually it's fetched from `partial.LauncherLayoutInfo.PartialId`.

## Events

Name                                    | Detail                 | Description
---                                     | ---                    | ---
`starcounter-include-composition-saved` | *String* stored layout | Triggered once composition is saved
`partial-changed`                       | *Object* `{value: storedLayout, path: 'partial.LauncherLayoutInfo.Composition$'}` | Polymer notification protocol compilant event to notify about `partial.LauncherLayoutInfo.Composition$` change, triggered once composition is saved.

## Test suite

 - local browser `./test/index.html`
 - [online](http://starcounter.github.io/starcounter-include/test)

## [Contributing and Development](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## History

For detailed changelog, check [Releases](https://github.com/Starcounter/starcounter-include/releases).

## License

MIT
